bcbgo is a repository that contains a number of connected packages for 
performing research in computational biology.

Packages
========
pdb
---
Package pdb includes support for gathering some information from PDB files.
Currently, this information is limited to primary amino acid sequence, the
start and stop residue indices of ATOM records for each chain, and data on all
ATOM records stored in the PDB file. A special slice, called CaAtoms, is also
created that stores only ATOM records corresponding to carbon-alpha atoms.

matt
----
Package matt is a wrapper around the structural aligner that we all know and 
love. It's meant to provide a sane configuration interface for calling matt.

The package also supports the ability to query details about the alignment 
easily, such as fetching the core RMSD. Currently, there are no facilities to 
examine other output (such as the alignment itself).

rmsd
----
Package rmsd provides an implementation of the Kabsch algorithm to compute the 
RMSD between two equal length sets of atoms. It uses skelterjohn's go.matrix 
package for matrix operations and more notably, singular value decomposition 
(go.matrix can be found at 'github.com/skelterjohn/go.matrix' and installed 
with 'go get github.com/skelterjohn/go.matrix').

fragbag
-------
Package fragbag uses package rmsd to compute a vector of fragments 
corresponding to a fragment library by picking the best matching fragment for 
each overlapping and contiguous kmer in the input.

fragbag also provides types and methods for dealing with fragbag's fragment
libraries. There are also facilities for converting bag-of-word vectors to
and from the original Fragbag's output. (i.e., the numbering of fragments
looks like: 'a', 'b', ..., 'z', 'A', 'B', ..., 'Z', '52', '53', '54', ....)

Finally, fragbag's bag-of-words type ('BOW') provides implementations of 
several operations on bags-of-words. Namely, addition, string representation 
and several different forms of distance computation.

hhfrag
------
Package hhfrag is a wrapper around the HHfrag and hhsuite tools that takes as 
input a sequence and returns a list of fragments that correspond to lists of 
PDB ATOM records.


